compelled today well let's take you
straight to the United Nations where the
UN Secretary General Antonio GES is
commenting on the escalating tensions
between Israel and Lebanon let's
listening Blue
Line escalation in continued exchanges
of
fire and escalation in Bello's rethoric
from both sides as if an allout war was
imminent the risk for the conflict in
the Middle East to WIP is real and must
be
avoided when rash move when
miscalculation could trigger a
catastrophe that goes far beyond the
border and frankly Beyond
imagination let's be clear the people of
the region and the people of the world
cannot afford Lebanon to become another
Gaza on both sides of the Blue Line many
lives have already been lost
tens of thousands of people have been
displaced and hes and livelihoods have
been
destroyed bush fires parked by
explosions are further devastating
communities and the
environment any exploded ordinance and
remnants of War liter the
landscape and these pose additional
threats to people in both Israel and
Lebanon and to United Nations and
humanitarian
Personnel the parties must urgently
recommit to the full implementation of
Security Council resolution
1701 and immediately return to a cation
of
hostilities civilians must be protected
children journalists and medical workers
should never be targeted and displaced
communities must be able to return to
their
homes the world must say loudly and
clearly immediate deescalation is not
not only possible it is essential there
is no military solution further military
escalation will only guarantee more
suffering more Devastation to
communities in Lebanon and Israel and
more potentially catastrophic
consequences for the
region it's time for reason and
rationality it's time for practical and
pragmatic engagement by the parties to
the Diplomatic and political Avenues
available to them
for our part United Nations is actively
engaging to promote peace security and
stability in line with Security Council
resolution
1701 un peacekeepers unifield are on the
ground working to deescalate tensions
and they prevent miscalculation in an
extremely challenging environment I
deeply appreciate their
service the sensation of hostilities and
progress towards a permanent ceas fire
is the the only doable solution and the
United Nations fully supports diplomatic
efforts to end the violence restore
stability and avoid even greater human
suffering in a region that has seen far
too much as we do so we continue to
press for an immediate humanitarian ceas
fire in Gaza the immediate and
unconditional release of hostages and
the real passway to a two-state solution
thank you time for a couple
questions thank you SEC General ntim
alaz English today as you call for
deescalation in the region Israel has
continued strikes in Gaza City in the
north as well as on a displaced
community in near Rafa what is your
reaction our position has been very
clear since a long time ago we need an
immediate ceasefire as we need an
immediate release of
hostages going on with a military
operation that has a dramatic impact on
civilians is not solving any problem